Add secure random UUID generation (#1146)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

* Internal dispatcher threads would leak when closing Realms. (Issue [#818](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/818))
* Realm finalizer thread would prevent JVM main thread from exiting. (Issue [#818](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/818))
* `RealmUUID` did not calculate the correct `hashCode`, so putting it in a `HashSet` resulted in duplicates.

> * JVM apps on Mac and Linux would use a native file built in debug mode, making it slower than needed. The correct native binary built in release mode is now used. Windows was not affected. (Issue [#1124](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/1124))

Author: Figured it was worthwhile to fix a minor typo here

> * `RealmUUID.random()` did not return unique IDs unless the app is reinstalled. (Issue [#1123](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/1123)) 

Reviewer: This is probably a bit more alarmist than it needed to be, so I reworded it a bit.

```suggestion
* RealmUUID.random()` would generate the same values when an app was re-launched from Android Studio during development. (Issue [#1123](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/1123)) 
```
